Welcome back. Red tray.
Say thank you. Miss this child,
Hidden marriage in the kitchen early in the morning.
You have to cook a thousand times to be sincere.
I don’t know if this table of dishes will suit your taste.
Brother Shali, I made this table for you.
Give it a try. Let's think about it,
Really getting more and more capable. It seems that in the past few years abroad,
Growing up is not stupid. where,
Niannian told me that Zeyuan had taken good care of him in the past few years abroad.
Come on, have this drink.
Nian Nian married sister
I took care of her and stayed away from home
Mom knows you like love marriage very much
Your father and I have some common discomforts
But the love marriage has been going on for so long
It's time for you to let go
I can't let go
Then mom should just say it directly.
We also grew up together as childhood sweethearts.
I think Nian Nian is a pretty good kid too.
That is, I hope you can get married as soon as possible
I just think of him as my sister
Your father means the same thing.
If you and my dad really like that
You can use him to fuck you
It's not forcing him to marry someone who doesn't love him
What did you say
I know Brother Lin still can’t let go of his sister
But my buddy wants him to answer
Even if I can't get into my sister's house
I will still go on well
Ningoli is gone
You will always promise us, Mr.